Add changelog for SimPEG v0.25.0 (#1725)
simpeg/simpeg: docs/content/release/0.25.0-notes.rst

Check out the new How to Guide on :ref:`choosing-solvers` for more information
on how we can use this function.

Improve inversion print out
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The information table we see when running an inversion got improved. Now the
zeroth iteration corresponds to the status of the inversion problem **before**
running any optimization step, while the following ones show information about
the problem **after** each iteration, but before directives are applied. Now
the last iteration of the inversion is shown in the last row of the table.
Moreover, some non-very-useful messages have been removed to produce a cleaner
output.

See https://github.com/simpeg/simpeg/pull/1626 for more details.

Standardize directives to save outputs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The directives that are meant to store and save inversion outputs have been
standardize and made more reliable. They now respect the output directory
chosen by the user, and the output file names have been standardize to follow
a ``name-timestamp-iteration`` format, to make it easier to sort and identify
files from different inversions.

See https://github.com/simpeg/simpeg/pull/1657 for more details.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standardized directives for saving outputs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Directives that store and save inversion outputs have been
standardized and made more reliable. They now respect the output directory
chosen by the user, and output filenames follow a standardized
``name-timestamp-iteration`` format to make it easier to sort and identify
files from different inversions.

See https://github.com/simpeg/simpeg/pull/1657 for more details.

```

`@johnweis0480 <https://github.com/johnweis0480>`__.
This simulation computes the magnetic field on every cell of the mesh by
numerically solving the magnetostatic PDE. It accounts for
self-demagnetization effects, model both induced and remanent magnetizations,
and is faster and less memory intensive than the integral simulation for large
problems.

See https://github.com/simpeg/simpeg/pull/1682 for more details.

Add utility function to shift electrodes to discrete topography
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A new `shift_to_discrete_topography` function shifts locations relative
to discrete surface topography. When performing MT surveys, we measure
electric fields at the Earth's surface. Similar to DC/IP, the original measurement
locations of the electric fields can end up in air cells when we discretize surface
topography. This function allows the user to shift locations
relative to discrete topography on Tensor and Tree meshes. For Airborne NSEM,
they also allow the user to preserve the original flight heights.

See https://github.com/simpeg/simpeg/pull/1683 for more details.

> Use a closed-loop wire as a source in TDEM

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Calculate B/H fields with a step-off waveform closed-loop wire source in TDEM
```
(we could still use a closed-loop wire source before, but only to get db/dt or E field data)

Author: Thanks Lindsey. I'm commiting this.
